The VP of Marketing wants Sales Reps to get updates when materials are updated in the Marketing library. What feature should an Administrator recommend?

**A.** Approval process

**B.** Validation rule

**C.** Email alert

**D.** Subscribe

Correct Answer: C

---

At Cloud Kicks, new public articles must be approved before publishing. Users are asked to click the submit for approval button to begin the process but sometimes the user forgets.
How should an administrator automate submission so all new public articles will enter the approval process?

**A.** Update Initial Actions

**B.** Create a new record type and page layout

**C.** Default the Submit for Approval button

**D.** Use Process Guilder

Correct Answer: C

---

Universal Containers frequently uses Case escalations and wants the ability to track any Cases that has been escalated. The administrator has found that when any escalated Cases are closed, the escalated check automatically unchecks.
What two actions should the administrator configure to meet this requirement?

**A.** Select show closed statuses in Case status field in support settings.

**B.** Modify the time criteria in the escalation rule.

**C.** Create a custom checkbox field called Has_Been_Excalated_c

**D.** Use a Process statuses in Case Status field in support settings.

Correct Answer: B,C

---

Universal Containers has decided to implement Salesforce Einstein Analytics for a subset of its users. How should the administrator enable users with permissions to use Einstein Analytics features?

**A.** Create a sharing group for users, then add the Einstein Analytics permissions.

**B.** Create a new permission set for each type of Einstein Analytics permissions, then assign users.

**C.** Create new profiles for users that will have Einstein Analytics permissions.

**D.** Create a custom permission set, then add the permission set to existing user profiles.

Correct Answer: A

---

The User Locale setting affects the format of (Choose 4 answers):

**A.** Labels

**B.** Dates

**C.** Calendar

**D.** Number fields

**E.** Date/Time

Correct Answer: B,C,D,E

----

Ursa Major Solar recently enabled the multiple currencies feature. As a result, which currency will be used as the foundation for all currency conversion rates?

**A.** Personal currency

**B.** Record currency

**C.** Active currency

**D.** Corporate currency

Correct Answer: D

----

A sales user at universal container has updated the opportunity stage for an opportunity in the pipeline. What may be updated because of the stage change? Choose 2 answers

**A.** Sales Quota

**B.** Account Rating

**C.** Forecast Category

**D.** Probability

Correct Answer: C,D

---

Support agents at Universal Containers research solutions to customer issues by asking various subject matter experts (SMEs) at the company.
Which three features will allow Support Agents to quickly document the details of these meetings? Choose 3 answers

**A.** Events

**B.** Workflow Email Alerts

**C.** Case Feed

**D.** Case Comments

**E.** Case Groups

Correct Answer: C,D,E

---

Which Option is available when using the process visualizer? (2 answers)

**A.** Add approval steps from the process visualizer

**B.** Edit the criteria used to trigger the approval process

**C.** View approval processes as a flow chart

**D.** Share annotated approval process diagrams

Correct Answer: C,D

---

Where can the multilingual solution search feature be enabled? (2 answers)

**A.** Self-service portal

**B.** Salesforce content

**C.** Public knowledge base

**D.** Solution tab search

Correct Answer: A,D

---

Northern Trail Outfitters has a custom quick action on Account that creates a new Case.
How should an administrator make the quick action available on the Salesforce mobile app?

**A.** Include the action in the Salesforce Mobile Navigation menu.

**B.** Create a custom Lightning App with the action.

**C.** Add the Salesforce Mobile and Lightning Experience action to the page layout.

**D.** Modify compact Case page layout to include the action.

Correct Answer: C

---

An administrator has been asked to update a flow that was created as part of a recent update. When the administrator opens the flow for edtting, the Flow Bunder toolbox offers only four elements: Assignment, Decision, Get Records, and Loop.
What would cause this?

**A.** The version of the flow is inactive.

**B.** The flow Is a screen flow.

**C.** The flow Is a before save flow.

**D.** The version of the flow is activate.

Correct Answer: C

---

Ursa Major Solar customers are starting to request custom-sized solar panels, which are currently unavailable in the standard inventory. Management has deckled to add custom sizing as an add-on item in Salesforce.
The administrator needs to allow sales users to add custom sizing to the total opportunity sale.
what should the administrator do to achieve this goal?

**A.** Hake a new custom object related to opportunities for custom sizing.

**B.** Add custom sizing as a new product in a pricebook.

**C.** Add a new field on the opportunity labeled custom sizing.

**D.** Add custom sizing as a new product in an order.

Correct Answer: D

---

A sales rep at Ursa Major Solar has launched a series of networking events. They are hosting one event per month and want to be able to report on Campaign ROI by month and senes.
How should the administrator set up the Campaign to simplify reporting?

**A.** Configure Campaign Member Statuses to record which event Members attended.

**B.** Add different record types for the monthly event types.

**C.** Use Campaign Hierarchy where the monthly events roll up to a parent Campaign.

**D.** Create individual Campaigns that all have the same name.

Correct Answer: A

---

In which two ways can users access Salesforce from their mobile devices'? Choose 2 answers

**A.** Use the downloadable Salesforce mobile application

**B.** install Salesforce Connect for mobile.

**C.** Install the Salesforce mobile configuration.

**D.** Use the Lightning Experience in web browser.

Correct Answer: A,D

---



---

Universal Containers uses a private sharing model. Account management is accomplished using teams and Accounts are owned by the sales rep. The rep reports to the regional director who then reports to the VP of sales.
When the regional director runs reports, what records would they see with the my team's account filter?

**A.** Accounts their subordinates can access.

**B.** Accounts that they are on the account team.

**C.** Accounts their subordinates own.

**D.** Accounts they and their subordinates own.

Correct Answer: D

---

NO.27 What item appears in a user's My Unresolved items after synchronization (2 answers)
A. Contacts not assigned to. an account
B. Cases not assigned to. a contact
C. Note not associated to. a record
D. Emails not associated to. a record.
Answer:A,D

---

NO.32 All of the following are true about Default Sales Teams EXCEPT:
A. Default Sales Teams are configured on a user record
B. Default Sales Teams may be added manually to an opportunity record
C. Default Sales Teams may be added automatically to an opportunity
D. Default Sales Teams may be added manually to an account record

Answer: A

---

NO.34 What type of customization can be done on Activities? (Tasks and Events) (3 answers)
A. Workflow Rules
B. Custom Fields
C. Field Tracking
D. Assignment Rules
E. Validation Rules
Answer:A,B,E

---

Sales reps miss key fields when filling out an opportunity record through the sales process. Reps need to move forward in stages but are unable to enter a previous stage.
Which three options should the administrator use to address this need?
Choose 3 answers

**A.** Use validation rules.

**B.** Configure Opportunity Path.

**C.** Use Flow to mark fields required.

**D.** Mark fields required on the page layout

**E.** Enable guided selling.

Correct Answer: A,B,D

---

Users at Universal Containers would like to visually see the sales stages on an Opportunity page. The administrator is configuring Path for Opportunities.
Which is an important consideration for Path configuration?

**A.** The Owner held can be edited in the Key Fields Panel.

**B.** Celebrations are unable to be added to a Path.

**C.** Kanban views for Path must be configured manually.

**D.** Path can include guidance and key fields for each stage.

Correct Answer: D

---

Cloud Kicks wants its reports to show a Fiscal Year that starts on February 1 and has 12 months.
How should the administrator address this requirement?

**A.** Set the Fiscal Year to Custom and the duration to 4 quarters.

**B.** Set the Fiscal Year to Standard and the duration to 12 months.

**C.** A Set the Fiscal Year to Custom and the starting month as February.

**D.** Set the Fiscal Year to Standard and the starting month as February.

Correct Answer: D

----

The Cloud Kicks sales manager wants to boost productivity by providing insights for sales reps at the start of each day.
Which three sales-specific standard Lightning components should an administrator add to the homepage to meet this requirement?
Choose 3 answers

**A.** Assistant

**B.** Path

**C.** Key Deals

**D.** Performance Chart

**E.** Activities

Correct Answer: B,C,E

---

Ursa Major Solar offers amazing experiences for all of its employees. The employee engagement committee wants to post updates while restricting other employees from posting.
What should the administrator create to meet this request?

**A.** Chatter Broadcast Group

**B.** Chatter Stream

**C.** Chatter Recommendations

**D.** Chatter Unlisted Group

Correct Answer: A

---

The client services and customer support teams share the same profile but have different permission sets. The custom object Retention related list needs to be restricted to the client services team on the Lightning record page layout.
What should the administrator use to fulfill this request?

**A.** Record Type Assignment

**B.** Page Layout Assignment

**C.** Component Visibility

**D.** Sharing Settings

Correct Answer: C 不知道答案

---

NO.62 What user interface setting must be enabled for users to. edit records in a list view? (2 answers) 

A. Enhanced lists 

B. Enhanced page layout editor 

C. Inline editing 

D. Enhanced profile list views 

Answer:A,C

----

NO.81 The marketing team at universal containers wants to. send an email to. each lead received from its website. The country of the incoming lead should determine the language of the email that will be sent to. the lead. How can the system administrator automate this process? 

A. Create an email template for each language and an assignment rule to. send appropriate template 

B. Create an email template for each language and an auto. response rule to. send appropriate IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way! 16 template 

C. Create an email template for each language and a workflow alert to. send appropriate template 

D. Create a single email template and use the translation workbench to. translate and send the appropriate template 

Answer:D

---

## 問28

条件ベースの共有ルールはどのオブジェクトに作ることができるか。

A. 商品　　　
B. 取引先　　　
C. キャンペーンメンバー　　　
D. リード　　　
E. 取引先責任者

答え

B. 取引先　　　　
D. リード　　　
E. 取引先責任者

---

商談に対する組織全体のデフォルト設定を非公開に設定します。商談パイプラインレポートには、どのレコードを返すか？

A. レポートを実行するユーザにかかわらず、セールス組織全ての商談
B. レポートを実行しているユーザ、およびそのユーザよりロール階層で下のユーザの所有する商談
C. レポートを実行しているユーザ、およびそのユーザと同じロール階層のユーザが所有する商談
D. その取引先の所有者であり、レポートの実行者でもあるユーザの所有する商談

答え

B. レポートを実行しているユーザ、およびそのユーザよりロール階層で下のユーザの所有する商談

---

商品に対して、スケジュールを定義できるのはどのタイプか。

A. 生産　　　　
B. 数量　　　
C. 予測　　　
D. 収益

答え

B. 数量
D. 収益

----

## 問51

カスタムホームページレイアウトに含めることができるのはどのコンポーネントか。

A. 保留中の承認リスト
B. メッセージとアラート
C. トレンドのChatterトピック
D. 分析スナップショット
Ｅ. ダッシュボードコンポーネント

答え

A. 保留中の承認リスト
B. メッセージとアラート
Ｅ. ダッシュボードコンポーネント

参考：[Salesforce Classic の [ホーム\] タブのページレイアウトのカスタマイズ](https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=customize_homepage.htm&type=5)

---

## 問64

ロールの作成数の上限は？

A. 100
B. 300
C. 500
D. 無制限

答え

C. 500

---

レポートタブにおいて、「レポートの検索」をクリックすると、カスタムレポートのみが一覧表示される。

A. 正しい
B. 誤り

答え

A. 正しい

---

主従関係の子オブジェクトは、別の関係の主オブジェクトになることはできない。

A. 正しい
B. 誤り

答え

A. 正しい
